Update DINO documentation (#1796)
lightly-ai/lightly: docs/source/examples/dino.rst

DINO
====

DINO (Distillation with No Labels) [0]_ is a self-supervised learning framework for
visual representation learning using knowledge distillation. It trains a student network
to match the output of a momentum-averaged teacher network without requiring labeled
data. DINO uses a self-distillation objective with a cross-entropy loss between the
student and teacher outputs, avoiding the need for contrastive pairs. Key elements
include centering and sharpening mechanisms to stabilize training, multi-crop
augmentation for efficient learning, and the ability to learn semantically meaningful
features without supervision. DINO achieves strong performance on image clustering,
segmentation, and zero-shot transfer tasks, demonstrating the emergence of
object-centric representations.

Key Components
--------------

- **Data Augmentations**: DINO [0]_ uses random cropping, resizing, color jittering, and
  Gaussian blur to create diverse views of the same image. In particular, DINO
  generates two global views and multiple local views that are smaller crops of the
  original image.

> - **Backbone**: Vision transformers, such as ViT, and convolutional neural networks,
>   such as ResNet, are employed to encode augmented images into feature representations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Backbone**: Vision transformers, such as ViTs, and convolutional neural networks,
  such as ResNets, are employed to encode augmented images into feature representations.
```

> - **Projection Head**: A multilayer perceptron (MLP) maps features into a space where
>   the self-distillation loss is applied, enhancing representation quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Projection Head**: A multilayer perceptron (MLP) maps features to a distribution over a set of learnable clusters.
```

> - **Distillation Loss**: The self-distillation loss encourages the student network to
>   learn the teacher network's representations on the augmented views of the same image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Distillation Loss**: The self-distillation loss encourages similarity between the student and teacher output distributions when processing independent views of the same image.
```
